In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world's nuclear weapons combined.
On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.
On average, people fear spiders more than they do death.
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs…but not downstairs.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
Ping Pong balls can travel off the paddle at speeds up to 160 km/hr.
A dentist invented the electric chair.
In ancient Egypt, priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies, including their eyebrows and eyelashes.
TYPEWRITER is the longest word you can type using only the letters on one row of the keyboard.
"Go." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Honey is the only natural food made without destroying any life.
A snail can sleep for three years.
No word in the English language rhymes with "MONTH".
Cephalacaudal recapitulation is the reason our extremities develop faster than the rest of us.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
Americans, on average, eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
The "pound" key on your keyboard (#) is called an octotroph.
The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat.
The "dot" over the letter "i" is called a tittle.
A cat's jaw cannot move sideways. (Probably why cats got left out of the Bible.)
The slogan on New Hampshire license plates is "Live Free or Die." Ironically, prisoners make these license plates!
Chinese Crested dogs can get acne.
Hydrogen gas is the least dense substance in the world.
The house fly hums in the middle octave key of F.
Betelgeuse, a giant red star, has a diameter longer than Earth's orbit around the sun.
Hummingbirds are the only animals that can fly backward.
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.